sampleid	investigation	disease_type	experimental_strategy	data_submitting_center_label
s2691	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2698	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2699	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2715	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2716	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2719	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2720	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2721	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2726	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2731	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2733	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2736	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2737	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2738	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2858	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2874	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2882	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2887	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2890	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2894	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2895	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2899	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2901	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2907	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2909	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2911	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2914	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2917	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2922	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2923	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2924	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2931	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s2937	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3089	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3092	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3095	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3098	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3108	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3109	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3112	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3114	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3116	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3125	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3129	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3131	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3273	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3274	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3278	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3282	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3285	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3286	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3291	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3292	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3295	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3296	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3298	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3299	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3302	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3306	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3307	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3308	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s3309	TCGA-BLCA	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15506	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15520	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15523	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15526	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15528	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15637	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15652	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15776	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15783	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15784	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15900	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15902	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15904	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15908	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s15909	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s16040	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s16052	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s16056	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s16209	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s16333	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
s16342	TCGA-HNSC	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma	WGS	MD Anderson - Institute for Applied Cancer Science
